Dawn Abriel: May 1 2020 and this will be an intake for a life link patient by the name of
Dawn Abriel: They can find it here.
Dawn Abriel: I said earlier,
Dawn Abriel: Yes, we'll have to ask her when she gets here.
Dawn Abriel: New patient
Dawn Abriel: I think it's gonna be a Lena Lopez.
Dawn Abriel: Birthday 512 99
Dawn Abriel: Someone I've already
Dawn Abriel: Done an intake for
Dawn Abriel: Oh, I know who it is. It's
Dawn Abriel: domingues
Dawn Abriel: Well,
Dawn Abriel: Oh, am I N G you is it G you easy domingues
Dawn Abriel: Let's try that.
Dawn Abriel: As much as I could take
Galaxy J7 Crown: Can you hear
Dawn Abriel: Me, I can your head there.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yes, I am.
Dawn Abriel: I'm Dr brielle
Dawn Abriel: So I Hi. So what happened.
Galaxy J7 Crown: So I had a domestic altercation with my significant other. And I did.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Because of the hold on. Sorry.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Can you hear me.
Dawn Abriel: I can now when you get a call in, it will mute you. In zoom
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay.
Galaxy J7 Crown: So I had a domestic altercation with my significant other, and I was arrested that night. Um, but prior to that I had been hospitalized for something that had happened between us before
Galaxy J7 Crown: So I've been going through the court process since about October to resolve this whole situation and they're wanting me to seek therapy and counseling and stuff so that they can dismiss my case.
Galaxy J7 Crown: So this was requested from my lawyer and my probation officer.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And do you also have an addiction to opioids.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No, I drink is what I do. I don't have any other drug problem just drinking
Dawn Abriel: Well that's significant enough about how much do you drink.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Oh now nothing because I can't, it's, it's either drink and go to jail or don't drink and stay out. So that's what I do.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and you're you're associated with life link right
Galaxy J7 Crown: What is that
Dawn Abriel: No, okay, I get. And I knew I had to
Dawn Abriel: Be patient coming into me.
Dawn Abriel: You're not associated with the courts with Los Alamos court.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yes, I am.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Ah,
Dawn Abriel: That's what I yeah we've got a couple of special programs because the court system is paying for your services so
Dawn Abriel: That's wonderful. And
Dawn Abriel: I need to find out.
Dawn Abriel: If which therapist is going to
Dawn Abriel: You know I'm Friday afternoon. They're all going to say I'm all booked up.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Mouth Thursdays and Fridays. Those are my regular days off. So it doesn't have to be on a Friday.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, hold on. You can't get
Dawn Abriel: medical help. And there'll be those two services from the same place on the same day. So if when you come to group you
Dawn Abriel: That has to be on a separate day that you get individual therapy.
Okay.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Make sure you clean it. Right. Alexa, come here.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No, I'm not saying that I'm just saying every time you do that, you don't wipe it off right
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Dawn Abriel: So I'm not going to be prescribing you medicine, but just in case you do need something what pharmacy, would you use
Galaxy J7 Crown: One of the Smiths marketplace in my store.
Dawn Abriel: Hold on a second.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: I'm just starting the intake on Heather.
Dawn Abriel: domingues and I didn't know if since she did the
Dawn Abriel: Did you should I set her up for um I think Thursday group would be the one that she could come to
That
Dawn Abriel: Do you want to come in and and say hello and signed up or not. If you don't want to. I'll just just started with
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So before
Dawn Abriel: I, I don't know how to tell what Smith's you're talking about
Galaxy J7 Crown: It's missing Los Alamos, New Mexico.
Galaxy J7 Crown: It's not working. Open it up and close it again here. Hold on.
Dawn Abriel: Alright.
Dawn Abriel: So you could do you can do
Dawn Abriel: We don't have any
Dawn Abriel: Groups.
Dawn Abriel: We could do it this way, you could do Thursday therapy.
Dawn Abriel: If you can do it in the morning.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah, absolutely.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and then Friday at noon would be your group.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay. Sounds good.
Let me
Dawn Abriel: Get that written in here so we don't forget
Dawn Abriel: And that will be with Dr.
Dawn Abriel: Friday at
Dawn Abriel: 12pm
Dawn Abriel: Therapy.
Dawn Abriel: Thursday. Alright, I will send her that notification. Okay, let's start with
Galaxy J7 Crown: Something different, like that's not with me.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Well, I'm sorry. It's not my fault.
Dawn Abriel: Alright, um,
Dawn Abriel: Are you on a program where you're blowing into a breathalyzer every couple of hours.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Galaxy J7 Crown: They haven't given me anything. I just, I'm
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay, so I'm not on probation. It was conditions of my release that I that I see her until my trial is finished. So it's not really like full blown probation conditions of my release.
Dawn Abriel: Great. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: There are medicines that I can give you that make it so if you drink, you won't enjoy it. You won't like it.
Dawn Abriel: And I recommend that if
Dawn Abriel: If you have a slip that we have an agreement that you get a prescription and start taking that medicine.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Sounds great. I don't want
Galaxy J7 Crown: To drink. I don't like I'm I'm trying to get better.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I'm not trying to go backwards. I
Galaxy J7 Crown: Have been in the hospital for a month it like I was in the hospital for a month, last year.
And
Galaxy J7 Crown: It was probably the best. I don't know. I really enjoyed the time there.
Galaxy J7 Crown: So,
Dawn Abriel: Just because it was a good break from your life. Yeah, yeah.
Galaxy J7 Crown: And there was other people there that
Galaxy J7 Crown: Were going through the same things that I was going through as well. Right.
Dawn Abriel: Yep, that's always very helpful. So this program is set up mostly for opioid use. So I need to change the wordings a little bit. When was the last time you had a drink.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Probably about a month ago.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Because I mean, not a month. Um, it's been since I started all this stuff. I haven't been able to, because, well, if a drug test me and I come up positive. I'm going to go to jail. I don't want to go to jail. I have a good job and my kids, so I don't
Dawn Abriel: And how long is it, how long is the alcohol that been your way of escaping
Galaxy J7 Crown: I'm a lot
Galaxy J7 Crown: How long, long
Galaxy J7 Crown: Time I lost. I lost my old son.
Galaxy J7 Crown: When he was six. That was about 13 years ago. So drinking has been a problem like continuous so
Galaxy J7 Crown: I mean, I'm sure that after all this is done. If I don't get the help. I need. I'm just probably going to drink again, you know,
Dawn Abriel: So at least 13 years
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah, at least.
Dawn Abriel: And did you start to develop a tolerance to add more and more
Galaxy J7 Crown: Up. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Did you ever have a blackout.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Um, yeah.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Many times
Dawn Abriel: And then any medical complications. You don't have any liver disease because of it.
No.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I probably, I don't know, like, I think there's something wrong with my stomach because my stomach cramps, a lot like I don't know maybe all sorts or something. I do have like stomach pain.
Dawn Abriel: And I assume you're in a safe place right now.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah, I have my own place. Um, but the person that all this stuff, you know, like with that happen. The reason why I'm dealing with all this stuff. He still lives at my house.
Galaxy J7 Crown: And it doesn't seem to matter what I tried to do. I can't get them out my landlord won't like do it.
Galaxy J7 Crown: The officers that come to the house. They know as well because they've seen it, you know, like everything that's happened, they won't help me do anything like nobody will help me do anything. I can't even a victim because he will. He was the
Galaxy J7 Crown: They say that he was the victim, but they let him stay here because, well, he was the victim. So they just made an exception, so that I could be here so that I didn't have to look for anywhere to live, which it's my place my kids reside here too. So they let me stay here.
Dawn Abriel: What is just miserable.
Galaxy J7 Crown: It is, and I'm tired of it. And he continues to do the same crap that he's been doing like all this time and I made changes. Whenever I went to rehab.
Galaxy J7 Crown: To that hospital and he does the same things. He was doing before. So if I continue to do better. These those stays in the same place. It's not going to help me.
Dawn Abriel: Well, it's not. But it doesn't have to hurt you. You don't have to let it hurt you.
Dawn Abriel: And that's what the therapy is for look Heather, you can get therapy to three times a week. You can you can saturate yourself and get and really take care of this in an intense way and
Dawn Abriel: And you're going to need it and you're not going to get therapy, you're not going to give you any better therapy than the therapist. I'm giving you
Dawn Abriel: And you're never going to get it. Any cheaper. Believe me, you have an opportunity here that if you don't just grab hold with both hands, you're going to be really sorry. You didn't because this is an amazing chance that you have
Galaxy J7 Crown: And I plan on taking advantage of it.
Good.
Dawn Abriel: How old were you when you started using any illicit drug
Galaxy J7 Crown: I guess the first time I use marijuana was like about 1516
Galaxy J7 Crown: I experienced with stuff like cocaine or whatever. But that's, like, I don't know, maybe like in my 20s or whatever but not like anything like that. Now, drinking is the only thing that I really do for did
Dawn Abriel: And it has obviously resulted in relationship and work problems or just relationship.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Problems. Well, the relationship. Okay so me drinking is not the cause of our relationship problem. My boyfriend is from another country and
Galaxy J7 Crown: He has a family over there, which he lied to me about. So he's been sending her money and sending her nude pictures and they've been exchanging this and he lives at my house, doing all this stuff to me.
Galaxy J7 Crown: And I'm just if he's going to be here. That's fine if he wants to do things right but if he doesn't he wants to do that stuff. He needs to leave.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I didn't ask for his double life and neither did our daughter that we share together.
Galaxy J7 Crown: So if he can't be honest and he can't be truthful and he can't be the person that he said he was going to be, then I don't want nothing to do with them. I shouldn't have to live like that.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Wondering if while he's at work. He's talking to her on the phone, he sends her money and he barely even helps me at all. He doesn't help me with my child, but he's still helps them.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Like all his money goes there and I'm just stuck here to fend for myself, I have a good job. So I'm not crying about the money because I worked for myself, but the attention and the section that I need from him. I'm not getting
Galaxy J7 Crown: What's wrong.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Will call him a little bit. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Galaxy J7 Crown: I daughter.
Galaxy J7 Crown: It's okay, look, I will call him. Okay.
Galaxy J7 Crown: she misses my son. He's with his dad, and she's he's been gone for like a week, so she wants to see your brother.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: How many days. Have you been in detox programs before you said there was one that you went to
Galaxy J7 Crown: Um, yeah, it was hospitalized for about a month and I had to detox while I was there because, well, I couldn't use anything. You know, so
Galaxy J7 Crown: They had they offered my senior doctor. Every day they we had therapy sessions like it was a group thing where we had topics that we talked about every day and we share, you know, if we wanted to.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Just stuff like that. It was really helpful. Okay, I'll actually go back there. If we could
Dawn Abriel: And
Galaxy J7 Crown: I learned there.
Dawn Abriel: Are sleeping anxiety issues for you.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yes, they are very badly. I used to take Sarah quill they gave me 300 milligrams of bills and I was taking those every night.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Because if I don't take them. I can't fall asleep and I don't stay asleep. I wake up in the middle of the night. I can't. I wake up, tired in the morning, an anxiety wakes me up in the morning. My son is like cramping. I feel nervous. My heart is racing. I get headaches my life I want to vomit.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I shake
Galaxy J7 Crown: Like something I feel like something really bad's gonna happen. And I just can't stay asleep. I get up because I can't feel. I can't live like that.
Dawn Abriel: And that the hospitalization that you had recently that was for a physical problem but you detox while you were in there.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah.
Galaxy J7 Crown: That will or
Galaxy J7 Crown: Monday, so that night, nothing happened like that night. It was on Thanksgiving. I had to a friend over and I guess you know we were drinking. We were drinking wine and stuff and
Galaxy J7 Crown: I guess I was just talking crazy and they call the ambulance to come pick me up and they took me out there.
Galaxy J7 Crown: So at first it was not by choice, but afterwards. I wasn't so you know opposed to it.
Dawn Abriel: been hospitalized for other mental illnesses.
Dawn Abriel: Alright, so you'll get a full what's called a bio psychosocial from going to be or in the near future. I'm not going to ask you very much more about psycho psychological things
Dawn Abriel: Do you know what your blood type. This
Galaxy J7 Crown: Oh my gosh, I think it's being negative i'm not i might be able to hold on one second. I think I have one of my kids is older papers are shot records in my
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay, hold on a second.
Galaxy J7 Crown: What type is
Galaxy J7 Crown: Be positive
Dawn Abriel: Be positive. And so I'm going to ask you a number of questions about medical illnesses. Just stop me if any of them apply to you.
Dawn Abriel: Okay head trauma any diseases have I, ear, nose or throat know as Titus or pneumonias
Galaxy J7 Crown: I've had. I have had bronchitis.
Dawn Abriel: But not it's not an ongoing thing you don't have snow PD.
Dawn Abriel: No muscle joint
Dawn Abriel: Bone problems thyroid problems, diabetes, I mean,
Galaxy J7 Crown: I have an underactive thyroid. When I was in that hospital. They did a lot of blood work and they were giving me medicine for it.
Galaxy J7 Crown: But after that stuff was gone. And I was working with another organization. And this man just never he was supposed to meet with me once a week, but he just stopped calling me like he never came back and never talked to me again. So I wasn't able to like to get those medications again.
Dawn Abriel: And you don't have a primary care doctor unless
Galaxy J7 Crown: Los Alamos, really. I mean, I go to the doctor if something's wrong, but I don't really have like a somebody that I've really see like all the time.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah you it to have hyperthyroid and that's one of those things that doesn't get better on its own.
Dawn Abriel: That's not going to go away and you will just slowly, slowly, slowly get very tired and very weak and
Dawn Abriel: You're not every single cell in your body needs to have the hormone that the thyroid makes to pull sugar into the cell to use for energy every cell in your body needs that thyroid medicine.
Galaxy J7 Crown: That's probably why I don't have any energy then I'm tired all the time. I don't want to do anything at work. I'm not tired. I mean, I get paid to do my job. But when I come home. I just want to sit on the couch.
I don't want to do anything.
Dawn Abriel: Well, it's you know, it's a complex issue. It's I'm just trying to encourage you that you've got to get a primary care doctor
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: It's really important.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, even if you only use them once every five years.
Dawn Abriel: But someone's got to be ordering your thyroid medicine and following it every year or so.
Dawn Abriel: And so no anemia cancer, HIV sexually transmitted diseases, and you've never tested positive for tuberculosis no new skin problems with rashes, or new moles epilepsy seizures severe headaches stroke bipolar disease depression hallucinations or delusion.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah, bipolar. And
Galaxy J7 Crown: What did you do bipolar and depression. I do have
Dawn Abriel: And what when were you diagnosed as having bipolar.
Galaxy J7 Crown: When I was in Kansas City. I was seeing a lady there and she diagnosed me with it there. But that's been a long time ago, like a long time ago. It's been over 13 years
Dawn Abriel: Uh huh. And you're not taking medicine for either one.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: No suicidal does camps.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Um, I have attempted before but not since then that was like, well, about the same time that I had all this stuff going on with my friend when I went to the hospital.
Dawn Abriel: I'm sorry, this was what year
Galaxy J7 Crown: About a year ago, like whenever all about to now because I want it was the same time frame with the with the hospitalization.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Um, but you don't have those thoughts now.
Galaxy J7 Crown: And you don't have not lands.
Dawn Abriel: And you don't right you don't have any weapons in your home. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: You have people you can talk to if something happens.
Dawn Abriel: When you get stressed. Okay, you have a support system.
Dawn Abriel: And how long you know making
Galaxy J7 Crown: Um,
Galaxy J7 Crown: For a while now. I don't really know like exactly the time I'll say probably a few years now.
Galaxy J7 Crown: And I had went to the hospital, one time and they told me I had colitis.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I had to take medicine or that for a while.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Because it hurts so bad.
Dawn Abriel: Hepatitis
Dawn Abriel: No more disease.
Dawn Abriel: Heartburn gallbladder problems. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: You don't have hearing aids or sinus infections that are chronic have dentures. You weren't born with a heart murmur, you don't have high blood pressure or blood clots.
Dawn Abriel: Your kidney and bladder work normally
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah, great.
Dawn Abriel: Anything that I haven't asked you about
Galaxy J7 Crown: Not that I can think of.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Did you hear me.
Dawn Abriel: I did, yes.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And have you had surgeries.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I've had five C sections.
Dawn Abriel: But you had your tonsils in your gallbladder.
Dawn Abriel: And your appendix.
Dawn Abriel: Yep. Right.
Dawn Abriel: Is your mother alive.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And she in good health.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Um, she has thyroid problems, just like I will too. Um, she's i guess so she doesn't really have any like major problems that that I know of, she's never been like hospitalized or anything like that. Thank
Dawn Abriel: You, Father. Is he alive.
Galaxy J7 Crown: He is my dad is a little different. He has high blood pressure. He has takes blood thinners. He's had a stroke. He's had a couple heart attacks.
Galaxy J7 Crown: He was actually just living with me like a month ago and he went back home for Social Security hearing. He's supposed to come back. But I don't know yet because of the whole coronavirus thing. Like how long it's gonna last
Dawn Abriel: But no addiction. No other alcoholism and your dad.
Galaxy J7 Crown: My dad doesn't do anything. He is
Galaxy J7 Crown: My mom drinks a lot, but my dad does not. He doesn't do anything.
Dawn Abriel: Did your mother drink while you were growing up.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yes.
Galaxy J7 Crown: She partied a lot when we were growing up.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have brothers and sisters
Galaxy J7 Crown: I do
Dawn Abriel: Her sister is alive and in good health.
Yes.
Galaxy J7 Crown: You have a second goal me actually my sister Tiffany has graves disease.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Um, but other than that she is fine.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And a second sister.
Galaxy J7 Crown: She's fine. There's nothing wrong with her at all.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, do you have a third
Galaxy J7 Crown: I do. She's, she's fine too.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, any other siblings.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I have, oh gosh shows that cold Travis. I have four brothers.
Galaxy J7 Crown: And
Dawn Abriel: They're all full brothers.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Them, actually. Okay. So out of all the siblings. I told you about the only one that is biological is my very first sister her and I had the same dad, all the rest of them. We have either the same data or the same old
Galaxy J7 Crown: Guy to the world.
Dawn Abriel: So let's just stay with that anyone else in the family have addiction problems.
Galaxy J7 Crown: My whole side of my mom's family are addicts. My dad on my. OK, so my step mom, she actually raised me with my dad and she has a very bad drinking problem. She has actually a flipped a car with my little sister in it, driving for law much Kansas City.
Galaxy J7 Crown: She's probably the worst.
Dawn Abriel: And where do you fit in the family. What number are you
Galaxy J7 Crown: The oldest
Dawn Abriel: Tobacco in your life.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Tobacco I've been an on and off smoker, since I was 16
Dawn Abriel: And right now.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I do smoke. Now I can't do anything on my phone, I guess.
How much
Galaxy J7 Crown: I probably smoked about five cigarettes a day.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, what was the last time you quit.
Galaxy J7 Crown: When I was pregnant with my daughter, five years ago.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And you eat more than a couple fast foods per week.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No I don't ever eat fast food I cook.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay, sometimes
Galaxy J7 Crown: I mean, I don't know.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Like at work whenever we
Dawn Abriel: Do get regular exercise.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Not really.
Dawn Abriel: Do you take an aspirin every day.
No.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have a household smoke detector.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I don't know. Well, no, because they're just not for it right there. And it's not there. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Um, are there any firearms in your home. Oh, you already said no. Do you wear your seat belts.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yes, but I don't drive right now because
Galaxy J7 Crown: I had a DUI. Three years ago, and I have to get an interlock in a car, but I don't have a vehicle right now, so I don't have that. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Are you sexually active right now.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And you are. You were born female and you identify as female
Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And tell me about your use of benzodiazepines like Valium Ambien Zandi bars Xanax
Galaxy J7 Crown: Know,
Dawn Abriel: You were born and raised were
Galaxy J7 Crown: In Kansas City, Kansas.
Dawn Abriel: I will be your children.
Galaxy J7 Crown: My oldest son, he would have been 20 this year he passed away in two or
Galaxy J7 Crown: I have a 16 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER A 15 year old son and nine year old son and a five year old daughter.
Dawn Abriel: How many of them live with you.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Too.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: How far you go in school.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I finished the 10th started the 11th.
Dawn Abriel: And what kind of work do you do
Galaxy J7 Crown: I am the lead Customer Service Manager at smiths marketplace.
Dawn Abriel: Do you ever
Dawn Abriel: Use methamphetamine.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Know,
Dawn Abriel: Cocaine.
Dawn Abriel: And are you still using marijuana
Galaxy J7 Crown: No.
Dawn Abriel: You're not homeless. What do you like to do for fun.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Well, I like to go to the lake swim I draw a lot
Galaxy J7 Crown: Movies.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Bowling stuff like that. I like to play baseball
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And right now, you live with two of your children and this significant other in yourself. Anyone else
Dawn Abriel: No. All right.
Dawn Abriel: Let's move on.
Dawn Abriel: How old were you when you first started having periods.
Galaxy J7 Crown: 16
Dawn Abriel: And any problems with them.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Now,
Galaxy J7 Crown: I mean, there have been, I get upset. But other than that, no.
Dawn Abriel: Company pregnancies.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Five.
Dawn Abriel: And you have for living children.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yes. All right.
Dawn Abriel: Now I have to read
Dawn Abriel: A long list of symptoms. These are chronic things that are going on, stop me if any of them apply to you.
Dawn Abriel: Fever, night sweats chills cold intolerance, fatigue, weight gain.
Dawn Abriel: Eating a lot drinking a lot red eyes double vision, blurred vision loss of vision changing vision difficulty hearing, hearing loss ear drainage are ringing in your ears.
Dawn Abriel: Bloody nose or chronic congestion sore lips or mouse or tongue lumps in your neck stiffness pain in the neck shortness of breath, cough, difficulty breathing chest pain, irregular heartbeat, not being able to breathe lying down swelling in your ankles.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Varicose Vein. The only time that I have
Galaxy J7 Crown: I'm
Galaxy J7 Crown: Like okay, I'm trying to remember which one you said you said one of them. The only time that I have like
Galaxy J7 Crown: It was the heart like fast moving with our is when I have anxiety when I wake up with anxiety in the morning.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: No constipation or diarrhea.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No.
Dawn Abriel: No know abdominal pain or rectal pain, no painful urination know blooding your urine. You're not doing being too much or too little change in hair nail or skin texture new models itching.
Dawn Abriel: Muscle pain back pain tender points muscle cramps or limp headaches vertigo dizziness banking numbness, tingling weakness.
Galaxy J7 Crown: lack of coordination vertigo sometimes
Galaxy J7 Crown: I didn't get vertigo sometime
Galaxy J7 Crown: Um, I don't know. So like sometimes I'll be at work. And I'll just let me at the register and I'll just feel like my lips get numb. Or like, it feels like I don't know. I don't know how to explain it. It feels kind of
Galaxy J7 Crown: Feels weird. I don't know how to explain it.
Dawn Abriel: What what you're describing is
Dawn Abriel: When you take a short little breaths and you go a long time without taking a deep breath.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah, kind of like that. Like you're numb kinda like my fingertips get numb and
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah.
Galaxy J7 Crown: My lips so
Dawn Abriel: You just really just have to take a couple of slow deep breaths and that goes away.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Do you feel like you're depressed now.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And does it get in the way of your taking care of your children.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Um, no, not really. I mean,
Galaxy J7 Crown: Not really, because if I don't feel like I can take care of them. I have a friend, she'll take them for me when I was in the hospital. They were with her. She, she will take them if I feel like I can't do anything.
Galaxy J7 Crown: She has arbitrary over my children.
Dawn Abriel: Is getting to sleep.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: And you're not hearing or seeing things that other people don't right now.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No.
Dawn Abriel: And you don't have easy bruising.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I do bruise easy but I'm just really fair skin like I don't know. I'm an email to
Dawn Abriel: What prescription medicines do you take
Galaxy J7 Crown: So I don't take anything right now. Um, I was on medications and they were supposed to help me.
Galaxy J7 Crown: reevaluating my meds.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Up showing up and stop calling
Dawn Abriel: So I'm Heather. That's the sort of thing you can't depend on other people for you've got, I know that the initiative and and really that's why you need that primary care.
Galaxy J7 Crown: so stressed out and you don't know what you're going to do and
Dawn Abriel: Well, you can't take care of your children if you
Dawn Abriel: Did these resources and
Galaxy J7 Crown: Do it right. Well, I know that.
Dawn Abriel: You can't have your children mean if you're if you're what you in the therapist can talk about that. Um, do you have any allergies to medicines.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Nothing I know of.
All right.
Dawn Abriel: So you
Dawn Abriel: Bathe yourself and cook for yourself and go from one place to another, all by yourself.
Dawn Abriel: And you know where you are who you are, what time it is. You make your own decisions. You have a memory that's appropriate to your age, you can focus your attention and you can read
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yes.
Dawn Abriel: All right. And do you know how to get your pulse.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Um, I don't know, like, touch your wrist and
Galaxy J7 Crown: How to do it, but I know where my pressure point
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I'll show you.
Dawn Abriel: Take your right hand.
Dawn Abriel: And arm in on your left side of your neck. You have a muscle here. It's right in front of the muscle.
Dawn Abriel: You can't push too hard. But tell me when you feel the the thump. No, that's not
Dawn Abriel: It's
Dawn Abriel: It's right in front of the muscle you kind of push toward the muscle.
Galaxy J7 Crown: I feel a little
Galaxy J7 Crown: You're not
Dawn Abriel: So this is what you're doing, you're doing this and I want you to do this.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'll tell you when to start counting start now.
Dawn Abriel: Hey, stop.
Dawn Abriel: What number
Galaxy J7 Crown: 10
Dawn Abriel: How tall are you,
Dawn Abriel: Your current weight.
Galaxy J7 Crown: About 160
Dawn Abriel: All right.
Dawn Abriel: Now I want you to get really close to the camera and pull your eyelid down so I can see just how I need mic, you might
Galaxy J7 Crown: Be mailing fine.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Let me see.
Galaxy J7 Crown: This is kind of tricky.
Dawn Abriel: So if anything that's good, that's enough. Good. Let go pull back, make your eyes go all the way to the right.
Dawn Abriel: To the left
Dawn Abriel: All the way up and all the way down.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Read that either side of you knows
Dawn Abriel: Open your mouth really wide and stick your tongue out.
Dawn Abriel: Move it side to side.
Dawn Abriel: Good.
Dawn Abriel: Close your mouth.
Dawn Abriel: Know, dropping when you bite down
Galaxy J7 Crown: No.
Dawn Abriel: Teeth fit normally
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And can I see you swallow.
Dawn Abriel: Take a really big deep breath.
Dawn Abriel: And I want you to push on your belly upper right upper left lower right lower left.
Dawn Abriel: And
Galaxy J7 Crown: Right.
Dawn Abriel: Just push all around your belly.
Dawn Abriel: There's no pain or lumps or bumps in there that don't belong
Galaxy J7 Crown: No, not that I can take you
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Make the camera go down to your ankles and let me
Dawn Abriel: See that there's no swelling in your ankles.
Okay.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Fine, let's hold on should
Dawn Abriel: Okay, great.
Dawn Abriel: And prep prep your phone backup.
Dawn Abriel: And wanting to see you pull against your fingers.
Galaxy J7 Crown: How are you going to see that.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Hold on.
Galaxy J7 Crown: If you don't pay within 24 hours in violation of the
Galaxy J7 Crown: Paper ahead Alexa
Dawn Abriel: Cameras frozen.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Yeah I accidentally
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay, so you said you want to see me put my
Dawn Abriel: Can you see me.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Know,
Dawn Abriel: Okay, we'll have to wait, why don't you go out and come back in.
Dawn Abriel: So I want to see you pull against your fingers.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay.
Galaxy J7 Crown: All right, like this.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Exactly.
Dawn Abriel: No pain or discomfort when you do that.
Galaxy J7 Crown: No.
Dawn Abriel: Can I see you tap
Dawn Abriel: Tap your fingers to your thumb.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Wait, hold on.
Galaxy J7 Crown: And then you'll see the other hand
Dawn Abriel: Fine. Okay, so let's talk about the program.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: You're going to go Fridays at 12pm for your group.
Galaxy J7 Crown: And then you're going to
Dawn Abriel: Hear for individual therapy.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Once a month right heart health will send you a manila envelope that has a urine copy in it.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. It'll come in an envelope like this.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, when you when you get it in the mail. Do not open it. If you open it, they won't use it and they'll have to send you to a quest lab.
Galaxy J7 Crown: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: When you get it in the mail, you go to the virtual clinic. That's where you went before you came in to see me was the virtual clinic. You go there with your envelope and you say, I got this in the mail. What do I do with it.
Dawn Abriel: And they will
Dawn Abriel: So I think there's just the
Dawn Abriel: Filling in some of the bubbles.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: We have to change the upper part